Alright you can see that Spring MVC
does have a lot of robust error handling
and exception handling that we can put
it as well as validation. So it's a very
robust framework of what we have. So we
took our application from being ready
for happy path where everything is
perfect and we put in this error
handling in it. This is pretty
common to do and we just worked through
a number of common examples in this
section. So now we are no longer happy
path. Our application is a little bit
more hardened for the silly things that
users may or may not do. Now there's
plenty of other scenarios that we could
look at this and discover and find
problems where the users might get an
exception tossed. And now we have the
tool set to handle that. So it's no
longer just a pure happy path
application. That's something that I term
and a lot of people use if
everything just goes perfectly right.
Our application is going to behave but
if something goes wrong it's going to
throw unexpected errors. So now we're
handling some common error scenarios
inside the application and you saw with
in Spring MVC, we can provide a lot of
valuable information back to our users
through setting up error properties and
custom error messages. So it really makes
your applications a lot more user
friendly when you do stuff like this. So
you don't want a very fragile
application and when you're developing a
web application especially, you
definitely want to be providing your
users a lot of good feedback. So now
we feel like you guys have a pretty good
mastery of Spring MVC. There's a lot more
that we can do with it and in the future
sections in the course we're going to
dive into Spring MVC more. But coming up
in the course, because I want to start
doing some more interesting things, I'm
going to give you a free preview or kind
of a bonus section in the course
where you can see some docker content. So
docker is a really exciting technology. I'm
a big fan of it and I want to start
doing some more interesting things. So
that's why I'm giving you guys three
sections out of my Docker for Java
developers course and you're going to
see that coming up next in the course
and some of the capabilities there.
Because I want to do a lot more fun and
interesting things in this course.